In a distant land out west, I have a mother kind and fair.
That I treasure more than silver or gold.
And the song she used to sing, happy praise and cheer would bring.
And my loving mother's voice has never grown old.
She was faithful, she was true, she was kind and loving too.
And I always wept wherever I would roam. But she prayed to God each day In his own appointed way
That he'd someday bring me safely to her home. Since I left my mother's home, Since I choose a part to roam
I miss her tender care from day to day.
I miss her loving voice, always made my heart rejoice.
She would carry me as I journied on my way.
She was faithful, he was true, he was kind and loving too.
And she always went wherever I would roam.
But she prayed to God each day In his own appointed way That he'd someday bring me safely to her home.
This record was made by Mary Riley down at Franklin, Texas.
Mary is a character if I've ever known one.
She is about 65, very large and very black.
and exceedingly jolly.